Go catch up with his daughter
Wake up his daughter and take it to the Hardware Kingdom to kill him hahaha
I am you, so what
You are seriously injured
You have no cultivation
You killed so many of us, how can you foolishly believe that I will let your daughter still live?
We still have reinforcements
Don't you think there are only a few of us
Hahaha Wu Jingguo will die for your daughter today
Burn your own soul
You have reached the peak of the God Emperor
Then you don't need to eat our poison pills
You burn your own soul now
You won't live long
You go to kill you, you have to stay and kill him
Sister, Mr. Xiao, we will stay here
I'm going to help my lord be careful
Sister, are you all right?
You sit here and don't hit